#716: Update changelog for CDC Indexer 4.0.0 (#185)
cessda/cessda.cdc.osmh-indexer.cmm: README.md

| `preferredMetadataParam` | String | The metadata prefix used when harvesting from the OAI-PMH repository.                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `defaultLanguage`        | String | Used to set a language on an element that doesn't have `@xml:lang` defined. Defaults to `oaiPmh.metadataParsingDefaultLang.lang` if not set. This setting is only considered if `oaiPmh.metadataParsingDefaultLang.active` is set to `true`. |

### Data Access Mappings

> Data Access is primarily read in DDI-C 2.5 from `/codeBook/stdyDscr/dataAccs/useStmt/conditions` by checking for the values in [Access Rights CV](https://wiki.surfnet.nl/display/standards/info-eu-repo#infoeurepo-AccessRights) but free text values are also supported through the use of mappings JSON. Mappings for each repository can be specified in [data_access_mappings.json](/src/main/resources/data_access_mappings.json) by which XPath to use from [XPaths.java](src/main/java/eu/cessda/pasc/oci/parser/XPaths.java) and then which free texts to map to Open / Restricted. Any new XPaths that aren't already used for Data Access for some repository will also be needed to be added as a part of `parseDataAccess` in [CMMStudyMapper.java](src/main/java/eu/cessda/pasc/oci/parser/CMMStudyMapper.java).

Reviewer: This Access Rights CV page has been removed (or moved into a well hidden place). We can use a different link which is the the same that OpenAIRE also now links to in their documentation.
```suggestion
Data Access is primarily read in DDI-C 2.5 from `/codeBook/stdyDscr/dataAccs/useStmt/conditions` by checking for the values in [Access Rights CV](https://vocabularies.coar-repositories.org/documentation/access_rights/) but free text values are also supported through the use of mappings JSON. Mappings for each repository can be specified in [data_access_mappings.json](/src/main/resources/data_access_mappings.json) by which XPath to use from [XPaths.java](src/main/java/eu/cessda/pasc/oci/parser/XPaths.java) and then which free texts to map to Open / Restricted. Any new XPaths that aren't already used for Data Access for some repository will also be needed to be added as a part of `parseDataAccess` in [CMMStudyMapper.java](src/main/java/eu/cessda/pasc/oci/parser/CMMStudyMapper.java).
```
